Governance improvements (#67)
anoma/spec: src/architecture/m1/governance.md

    "motivation": "<text>",
    "details": "<AIP number(s)> - optional field",
    "requires": "<AIP number(s)> - optional field",
}
```

`GovernanceAddress` parameters and global storage keys are:

```
/$GovernanceAddress/?: Vec<u8> 
/$GovernanceAddress/counter: u64
/$GovernanceAddress/min_proposal_fund: u64
/$GovernanceAddress/max_proposal_code_size: u64
/$GovernanceAddress/min_proposal_period: u64
/$GovernanceAddress/max_proposal_content: u64
/$GovernanceAddress/min_proposal_grace_epochs: u64
```

`counter` is used to assign a unique, incremental ID to each proposal.\
`min_proposal_fund` represents the minimum amount of locked tokens to submit a proposal.\
`max_proposal_code_size` is the maximum allowed size (in kilobytes) of the proposal wasm code.\
`min_proposal_period` sets the minimum voting time window (in `Epoch`).\

> `max_proposal_content_size` tells the maximum number of characters allowed in the proposal content.\

Reviewer: mismatch in names? above you say `max_proposal_content` but I assume these are intended to be the same?

I like this name better though

> `min_proposal_grace_epochs` is the minimum required number of `Epoch` between `start_epoch` and `end_epoch`.

Reviewer: what's the difference between this and `min_proposal_period` ?

Reviewer 2: The description is wrong, it should be 

```suggestion
`min_proposal_grace_epochs` is the minimum required time window (in `Epoch`) between `end_epoch` and the epoch in which the proposal has to be executed.
```

> `min_proposal_grace_epochs` is the minimum required number of `Epoch` between `start_epoch` and `end_epoch`.

Reviewer: what's the difference between this and `min_proposal_period` ?

The governance machinery also relies on a subkey stored under the `M1T` token address:

```
/$M1TAddress/balance/$GovernanceAddress: u64
```

> This is to leverage the `M1T` VP to check that the funds were correctly locked.

Reviewer: this is separate from the treasury balance, right?

Reviewer 2: Yes this is a balance where we park funds while we wait to see if the proposal passes: if it does we'll refund, otherwise we'll move the funds from here to the treasury balance

> The governance subkey, `/$GovernanceAddress/proposal/$id/funds` will be used after the tally step to know the exact amount of tokens to refund/slash.

Reviewer: this isn't slashing - funds from failed proposal deposits should just be sent to the treasury

Reviewer 2: Yes I guess this is a bad choice of words, gonna fix that

### TreasuryAddress storage
```

> /$TreasuryAddress/max_spendable_sum: u64

Reviewer: why is this not just `balance` ?

Reviewer: ah gotcha
